All right, we're training with Khabib
today. One of the greatest fighters of
all time,
a great human being. It's honestly
unbelievable that I have the honor to be
able to train with these guys today. I
trained
with the team yesterday as well. Feel a
bit beat up.
I actually before this texted George,
GSP,
asking if he has any advice. I told him
I'm training with Khabib.
He said uh
"If you die, you die."
Uh thank you very much for that advice,
George. I love you, brother.
You can tell on these mats there's been
champion after champion after champion.
You can feel the history. I'm going to
do a podcast with Khabib tomorrow, so
this is epic. I'm uh
I'm the luckiest kid in the world, so.
All right, now we're going to get back
to training. Let's go.
Booking, he's going to win. Just be
quiet and go to the mats.
You touch wrong leg.
That?
Let's go this way.
Dude, this right here, this pressure is
insane.
Wrong leg.
Now we begin. Hey, this club, okay?
Nice.
I'm lucky to be with you.
Stop it.
Hello.
Good job.
>> Let's go, Alex.
Let's go, Alex.
I don't need to do nothing. You have to
You have to spend your energy to get up.
I'm just saying, make you work.
I make you work.
We're going to give you sample. Thank
you, brother. Thank you. You did a good
job.
Downstairs, come on.